v0.11.10 release (#242)
nerves-project/nerves_runtime: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## v0.11.10 - 2022-3-17

* Bug fixes

>   * Update device scan for determinism and container first. This fixes some
>     cases where incorrect uevent order could prevent devices from working,
>     such as with a RT5379 WiFi module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Update the initial device scan to be deterministic and to trigger events for containers before
     the devices they contain. This fixes an a subtle issue that prevented RT5379 WiFi module 
     drivers from automatically being loaded. 
```
